do you feel like you never really know
what your followers actually want you to
post you post the things that you think
they want to see but then your posts
just don't do well you feel like you're
doing everything right you're starting
with a hook you're including a call to
action you're writing a great caption
your editing looks good but for whatever
reason you're just not getting the views
or engagement you feel like you deserve
well in today's episode I'm going to
help you come up with your content
whether it's for Instagram Tik Tok
YouTube Twitter threads whatever that
should actually help you get views and
engagement because you're going to be
creating the content that your followers
actually want to see I'm going to help
you answer the question what the heck
should I
post let's start by talking about a very
popular strategy that I myself have even
recommended in the past that I no longer
think is effective and is actually
probably hurting your overall account
engagement and that is asking for your
followers feedback and again I know this
is going to sound a little bit
hypocritical because we just did this on
this podcast just a few months ago
asking for your feedback in the comments
but tell me if this sounds familiar you
post a YouTube video or an Instagram
story or a Tik Tok and you say something
along the lines of what do you want to
see next or let me know in the comments
what I should post about next or let me
know what content you want to see more
of from me and then either one of two
things happens oftentimes you get very
little responses you get very low
engagement on those kinds of posts and
without getting too far into it that's
because you're asking your followers to
do a lot you're asking for them to be
creative for you and you're asking for a
very high level of Engagement and likely
you're doing this because you're getting
low engagement as it is so it's a
strategy that was kind of destined to
fail from the start but let's say that
doesn't happen let's say you make one of
those posts or you say something like
that in one of your posts and you
actually do get responses you actually
do get feedback and people chiming in on
what they want to see next or what they
want you to cover and address and then
you go out and create that content you
make posts that address their needs that
answer their questions and that solve
the problems or talk about the things
that they want you to talk about but
then when you actually go to post those
things they don't get very good
engagement why is that well it's because
often times we don't know what we want
there have been many studies that have
shown that we often times choose things
that are against our own best interest
or we say we want something when in
reality our Behavior shows that we
actually are chasing after something
else and this is more than just a social
media thing of course this is just a
human nature thing we are not great
predictors of what we're going to want
in the future we're not great predictors
at what is going to make us happy in the
future and we don't always make
decisions based off our own best
interests because there are just so many
factors that can play in to expressing
our needs our wants and desires and what
we want to see on social media in the
future and so my recommendation for you
is to stop asking your audience what
they want to see next now if you're
someone who has a highly highly engaged
Community you have a super active
comment section or you just have a
massive following you have hundreds of
thousands of followers or subscribers
and they're all very active and loyal
and engaged maybe that level of a
community is going to give you such a
large sample size that you are going to
get good feedback and maybe your
audience is an audience that is great at
predicting what they want to see in the
future but most likely you've clicked on
this video and you're watching this
today having already asked your audience
for feedback and then you end up feeling
frustrated because you deliver on what
they say they want but what they say
they want isn't what they end up
engaging with so with all of that being
said I have three different strategies
for you to help figure out what your
audience actually wants because their
behavior leaves Clues and really the
overarching principle that applies to
all three of the strategies that I'm
about to share with you is that we
should start looking at their behavior
and their actions rather than asking
them to predict what they're going to
want in the future we're going to use
the past the history of our audien's
interactions to predict their future
interactions and so strategy number one
one is what we like to call in the insta
clubhub and here at build your tribe
upcycling upcycling essentially refers
to the idea of taking a post from 90
days ago or more so something you've
posted 3 months ago or prior and either
reposting it directly taking the exact
same post and just posting it again or
recreating some sort of refreshed or
slightly modified version now when you
are looking at the past posts in order
to decide what posts you should repost
and recreate I recommend focusing on
three forms of Engagement the first form
of Engagement that I recommend
prioritizing is shares whether you are
on Instagram Tik Tok YouTube whatever if
your content is getting shared it's
reaching more people and it's most
likely having a relatively High View
rate if someone is willing to share your
content it's because it made a very
strong impact on them leaving a like or
a save while appreciated doesn't really
mean that much to us content creators
and business owners because it's a
relatively low form of of Engagement
it's very simple and easy to do it
doesn't cost very much so to speak from
our followers and it doesn't really show
that our content resonated with them
that strongly however if someone is
willing to share your content whether on
Instagram to their Instagram stories
whether within direct messages sending
it to their partner or in a group chat
or whatever shares our a form of
Engagement that are weighted very very
heavily by every single social media
algorithm because they bring more people
to the platform and they keep people on
the platform for longer so the first
form of Engagement that I recommend
prioritizing when you're looking at your
old content and deciding what did well
like what kind of post should I create
more of or recreate in the future look
at shares so if I have a post that got
30 shares and another post that got
5,000 shares I'll look at that post that
got 5,000 shares and either I will just
repost it again or I will slightly
recreate it and slightly modify it but
still address the same topic or use a
similar hook or cover some sort of
similar question or problem or issue in
the new post and of course the past
performance doesn't guarantee future
performance but it is a pretty good
indicator or predictor of future
performance and if nothing else it gives
me an idea without having to come up
with a new one it gives me an idea of
something that I can create that my
audience will likely enjoy the second
form of Engagement that I recommend
prioritizing and focusing on when you're
looking at your past content is follows
or new subscribers again depending on
your platform the exact metric or what
they call it or where they show it is
going to vary but if you're getting a
lot of new followers from a post you can
realistically predict that all of your
new followers or at least a lot of your
new followers that you've gained in the
last 90 days are going to enjoy that
kind of content if someone's seeing one
of your YouTube videos or listening to
one of your podcasts or seeing one of
your reals and following you because of
it they're essentially directly telling
you that that is what they want to see
more of they're not following you for
something else they're following you for
that reason so if you have a post that
gets you a lot of follows or a lot of
subscribers that is a post that I would
definitely recommend reposting or
recreating and then the Third Kind of
Engagement that I recommend prioritizing
when you're upcycling your past content
is comments comments oftentimes show a
very high level of Engagement or at
least interest from your community
oftentimes post with a lot of comments
might have done so because it was
something that was breaking news and so
you might not be able to repost
something like that but if it's
something that is maybe slightly
controversial something that is a new
idea something that just really made an
impact on people they're more likely to
leave comments and so that is a great
kind of post that you can upcycle or
recreate in the future that is
definitely the place that I recommend
starting and the awesome thing is that
as time progresses and as you start to
post more and more content as you've
been consistent for months if not years
you're going to have a large Bank of
content to pull from you're going to
have a lot of old posts that you can
look at to draw INSP insiration from and
also to learn insights about your
audience without having to directly ask
them for their feedback but if you're a
brand new content creator or if you've
only been consistent for a few months
well then you might not even have posts
that are more than 90 days old and maybe
you do have a few posts that are more
than 90 days old but they're not great
representations of your audience's
interests because those posts were when
you were brand new and just getting
started so if that's the case and you're
someone who doesn't really have very
many posts outside of 90 days ago to
look at you can look at your industry
leaders for great insights as to what
your audience is looking for and this is
strategy number two for how to come up
with more content how to figure out what
exactly your audience is looking for
most likely there are other people who
do what you do and maybe they're not
doing exactly what you do maybe they're
not selling the exact same product that
you sell but they're doing something
similar or Their audience is at least
aligned enough that you can get a pretty
accurate prediction as to what your
audience would like based off what Their
audience likes and really the key here
is focusing on the Dem Graphics of that
Creator or that industry leader and of
course you might not know exactly they
might not post screenshots of how old
their followers are where their
followers are from what uh gender their
followers are but you can more or less
gauge and and come up with a pretty good
idea of hey who's following this person
who is this person's content likely
appealing to one way that you could kind
of spot check and make sure you're on
the right track is just to read through
their comment section if you see a
comment section that is full of a bunch
of 20-year-olds but you're trying to
attract people in their 40s well then
maybe this content creator isn't exactly
aligned with you in terms of their ideal
audience but just taking a quick look at
the comments section and seeing who is
regularly interacting with this person
is a pretty good indicator of what their
overall audience looks like as a whole
then once youve found a handful of
content creators who have a similar
ideal audience and talk about a similar
topic to you the two places that I
recommend checking are YouTube and Tik
Tok and that's because YouTube and Tik
Tok don't require any sort of thirdparty
website or app in order to figure out
what this content Creator's best content
is on YouTube you can just go to their
Channel visit the page that shows you
all the videos and then there's two
buttons at the top one that says latest
and one that says popular once you click
on that popular tab you will see all of
their most viewed videos and also I
think this is a good time to note that I
don't recommend blindly recreating or
stealing any video from someone else but
you can use it for inspiration so if you
sort uh someone in your industry who's
very popular maybe they a lot of
subscribers or they're kind of known as
a a thought leader in your space go to
their YouTube channel sort their videos
by whatever is most popular and then
check out the videos that they've posted
in the last year or two that have done
very well for them the videos that have
gotten the most views and again I'm not
recommending stealing that video and
copying the title word for word and just
recreating your own version of it but
use those titles as inspiration and
ideas if nothing else indications as to
what your audience is likely going to
want to see from you in the near future
and the second platform that I already
mentioned is Tik Tok you can do
something very similar on Tik Tok that
you can on YouTube however I think a lot
less people are familiar with how to do
it on Tik Tok but it's very very simple
very similar to YouTube just go to the
Tik Tock creators page who you want to
get ideas or inspiration from and then
you'll see the three little bars on the
leftand side of the middle of their
profile page basically it's the main
feed that shows you all the videos that
they've posted and next to that you'll
see a little tiny downward triangle
arrow thing if you tap on that it will
actually allow you to sort their entire
profile page by the most popular videos
rather than just the most recent videos
and so this is a really great way to see
what Tik toks have done the best for
this content creator and that might be
really useful for you as someone who is
also a short form Video Creator maybe
you're also posting on Instagram or Tik
Tok and so the YouTube content isn't as
applicable to you but someone who's
posting in short form content on Tik Tok
that is very applicable and it is very
useful for you to get these ideas and
inspiration from and I want to pause
before we go any further to talk a
little bit about this idea of stealing
content what is original what is a
recreation what is inspiration versus
just Flatout copying someone else I
think that there's a lot of gray area
there's definitely a wrong there's
definitely a right but most of us exist
in this space of gray area where we're
constantly consuming things we're
constantly watching videos and we're
constantly getting inspired by other
content creators and there's nothing
wrong with that there's nothing wrong
with creating a video on a similar topic
as someone else there's nothing wrong if
someone gives their three tips to become
a better rock climber you give your
three tips to become a better rock
climber where we do start to get out of
the gray area and into the hey you're
kind of in the wrong you shouldn't do
that is when you start to use someone
else's script change a few words and
then call it your own or where you're
starting to literally transcribe someone
else's video and now you're just reading
it yourself as if it was your own words
that's plagiarism when you take someone
else's idea and you literally repost it
you download their video and you post it
without asking them permission without
crediting them or anything like that
that's literally stealing their content
but if you're watching their content and
you see their hook or you see the title
of the video or you hear what the video
is about and you're like yeah I could do
my own version of that yeah I could do
my own take on that Trend yeah I could
do my own three tips when they gave
their three tips that is totally fine
and there's nothing wrong with it and I
think intention does matter in this
conversation are you trying to steal
their content are you trying to rip
someone off are you trying to take
someone else's hard work and use it for
your own personal gain or are you using
their content for inspiration are you
getting ideas from their content are you
someone who struggles to come up with
what to post and so you're going to look
to leaders who are literally setting the
example of what audiences like yours
want to see and the simplest thing that
you can do is if you're ever not sure if
You' ever created a piece of content or
you plan on creating a piece of content
or you have an idea but you feel like
you're kind of getting in that zone
where it's too far you've crossed the
line it's not okay just reach out to the
content creator and ask their opinion
ask their thoughts you could in the idea
phase say hey I saw this video that you
made it inspired me to create my own
version talking about this here's what I
planned on saying I wanted to check with
you and make sure that that was okay
make sure that uh you didn't feel like I
was just ripping you off or stealing
your idea if you say something like that
I can almost guarantee that if the
person replies they'll be like go for it
hey by all means I inspired you knock
your socks off if you've already created
the content or you've already scripted
it out maybe you've already even made
the final product you could also just
send it to them and say hey I saw a
video you posted in the past it really
inspired me to talk about something
similar or to do my own version here's
what I made I wanted to send it to you
before posting to make sure that you
were cool with me sharing this because
truly I was inspired by your content and
I am in no way trying to rip you off or
steal what you posted basically if
you're forthcoming and honest with
people nine times out of 10 they're
going to be flattered that their content
inspired you that much and they're going
to be touched that you were willing to
reach out to them because as content
creators especially as a large content
creator like myself I got to tell you
there are so many people who do rip off
my content who take what I post and
steal the script word for word and just
post it themselves there's also so many
people who take my reals or my Tik toks
or my YouTube videos and they save them
to their device and they post them on
their own social media as if it were
themselves posting as if they were the
ones creating it giving me no credit
asking for no permission before doing so
and so with that high of a volume of
people who are literally stealing my
content if you're someone who's taking
the time to reach out to me and ask like
10 out of 10 times 12 out of 10 times
I'm going to be like heck yes go for it
I'll probably even go to your page and
hype up that post leave a nice comment
and like it myself because I appreciate
that you took the time to reach out to
me and make sure that everything was
cool before you posted something similar
to what I shared so again to recap
strategy number one for figuring out
what your audience wants is looking at
their past interactions your own past
post to see what did well strategy
number two was looking at thought
leaders and Industry leaders who are
getting a lot of views or engagement
within your Niche and strategy number
three is what I like to call reverse
searching Instagram Tik Tok and YouTube
now combined to make the world's largest
search engine and more than half of gen
Z is using Instagram Tik Tok to search
for things more than Google and YouTube
which is pretty crazy when you think
about it but it also makes sense we're
spending so much of our time on our
phones on social media on Instagram Tik
Tok and YouTube and so of course that's
the platform that we're using to search
for things personally I got to say more
often than not recently I've been going
to Tik Tok to find answers to find
recommendations to look things up rather
than going to YouTube which is kind of
crazy to think about because I'm someone
who was raised going to Google and
Googling it but with the idea in mind
that all of us are using social media to
search for things there are some tools
some websites that you can use to look
up what people are looking up basically
to search for what people are searching
for and that is a direct indication of
what they want because if someone is
willing to Google or search on YouTube
or search on Tik Tok or Instagram for a
solution it is a direct indication that
that is a gap in the market that is
something that they want answered that
is a topic that they want discussed and
they don't already see it often enough
on their feed to know the answer and so
they're searching it and so that's why
strategy number three is reverse
searching one really popular platform
that I've recommended a few times before
is called answerthepublic
answerthepublic.com essentially you go
to answer thepublic you can type in a
topic or a keyword that is related to
your Niche or industry and it will give
you hundreds of different categories of
search queries that people have put in
that they're looking for on Google and
it is so thorough there's a category on
comparisons so people who are comparing
that keyword to some other keyword there
are people who are asking questions
there are every single kind of question
how what when where why with that
keyword there's that keyword plus the
letter A plus the letter B plus the
letter c so you're able to get a really
comprehensive data set of what are
people looking up related to this
industry or keyword and all of those
things are post ideas all of those
things are free pieces of content that
people want to see that you can now go
out and create my second favorite tool
is called vid IQ and it's something that
I use all the time especially for
youtubing and podcasting to see what are
people searching for and specifically
how are people searching for these
things like what words are they using
what terms are they using to describe
what they're looking for because there's
a lot of different ways that you can say
the same thing there's a lot of
different ways that you can say three
tips for rock climbing three tips to be
a better rock climber three things that
you need to know to start rock climbing
beginner rock climber starting guide
like there's so many different ways to
essentially say the same thing and so
using vid IQ is a great way for me to
test out different phrases different
keywords see what people are searching
for and also see how people are
searching for things and then the Third
Way which is another one of my favorite
ways of reverse searching is looking at
hashtags so I'll go to hashtags on
Instagram or on Tik Tok I'll just type
in hashtag and then I'll type in
whatever the phrase is or the keyword or
the niche or the industry that I want to
make a post about and then I'll just see
what some of the top posts are focused
on do they all have like a negative
connotation do they all use a positive
hook are they all really lengthy
storytelling type of videos do they all
use the same filter or effect maybe
they're all using a green screen maybe
they're all super long videos with short
captions I'll look at the top posts
within hashtags to see first of all what
is already out there but also to look
for where are there gaps in the market
so again maybe if I'm looking at hash
beginner rock climbing tips I guess
that's the niche we're going with today
and I'm seeing that all of the top
videos on Tik Tok with that hashtag are
women who are sitting at a desk and they
have a green screen behind them and the
green screen has all the different tips
and they're kind of sharing with you
some recommendations and some gear that
they think that you should have and I
say that hey there's a gap in the market
there there's mainly women so there's
not really any men creating content
related to this topic and all these
women are sitting at a desk and so
instead I'm going to go outside and I'm
going to stand next to the rock that I'm
about to do rock climbing on and instead
of just having a green screen behind me
I'm actually going to hold up the gear
and I'm actually going to just speak all
of the tips that I'm going to share and
so that way I'm creating a video on a
similar if not the same topic but I'm
putting my own spin on it and I'm
creating it in a slightly different
slightly refreshed or unique way where
some people might be looking for that
maybe my audience is a bunch of men in
their 20s and so they're more likely to
resonate with another man in his 20s
who's a beginner rock climber and so
they're more likely to gravitate towards
a video from me rather than these videos
of women sitting at their desks for
example just remember that success
always leaves Clues rather than asking
for people's feedback rather than
constantly polling your audience trying
to figure out what they think they want
to see next just look at what they've
engaged with in the past whether it's on
your own page popular industry leaders
Pages or popular hashtags within your
industry whatever people are engaging
with regularly and frequently is a good
predictor of what they're going to
engage with in the future now go out
there and create some content and as
always happy
[Music]
networking